<span dir="">The primary requirements of the system are fulfilled and verified, which means the system has the basic functionality stated in the introduction. Discussion of the solutions and suggestions for further improvements are recommended are discussed below.</span>

### Choice of framework

<span dir="">The choice of Django as framework worked well as it provides easy database integration and maintainability in the way that endpoints are defined separately from the functionality for the endpoints. Also it integrated well with the YT_DLP package </span>as they're both written in python.

<span dir="">Another python framework that could have been used to manage the API’s of the system is Flask, but it doesn’t offer built-in database connectivity and queries, which is one of the reasons why Django fits this project better. Django seems to be more maintainable than Flask, </span>but has a steeper learning curve compared to Flask.

### User types, authentication & constraints to the system

<span dir="">This sub-system is dependent on the security of the system as stated in </span>[<span dir="">3. Analysis, section 1.5.</span>](https://gitlab.sdu.dk/semester-project-e2021/team-09/media-acquisition/-/wikis/3.-Analysis#15-security)<span dir=""> The system is currently vulnerable, as no constraints are implemented to limit the access to the system.</span>

<span dir="">An important feature is to implement authentication of different user types: registered users and moderators, as listed in the </span>[<span dir="">List of Actors in section 3. Analysis.</span>](https://gitlab.sdu.dk/semester-project-e2021/team-09/media-acquisition/-/wikis/3.-Analysis#list-of-actors)<span dir=""> This requires better integration with the Connection Security team. Having user types with different levels of authority, would make it possible to restrict some of the features of our system depending on the user requesting data.</span>

<span dir="">If no constraints are implemented, it will mean that anyone with access to the API can upload and delete audio files regardless of ownership. </span>

<span dir="">A flagging functionality for files which regular users wishes to delete could be implemented. A moderator could review whether the flagged files should be deleted, alternatively it could be done with AI.</span>

### Handling of metadata

<span dir="">Further integration is needed with the data search team, making the need for storing metadata in this subsystem redundant. Further communication between the two services need to be established to ensure consistency between the metadata stored and the audio files in this system. E.g. if an audio file is deleted it is important that the corresponding metadata is deleted as well.</span>

### Scalability

T<span dir="">he Django application container has four major functions, the API, custom_upload and ytdlcontroller and persistence controller see the </span>[<span dir="">System overview diagram.</span>](https://gitlab.sdu.dk/semester-project-e2021/team-09/media-acquisition/-/wikis/4.-Design#architecture)<span dir=""> To scale up any of these functions, the whole django_container needs to be scaled up.</span>

<span dir="">Separating this functionality into different containers, would create a more scalable solution that can adapt to the distribution of load on these services.</span>

<span dir="">At the moment, the system stalls when an audio file is added to the database while a HTTP request is performed simultaneously see </span>[<span dir="">test 7.</span>](https://gitlab.sdu.dk/semester-project-e2021/team-09/media-acquisition/-/wikis/6.-Verification#test-7-functional-load-testing)<span dir=""> This is a problem, if many people will add music simultaneously. It is suspected that</span> devision of the application into smaller images could prevent this problem. This could be implemented in<span dir=""> future iterations and would benefit both scalability and maintainability of the system and also comply well with the principles of sub-systems.</span>

<span dir="">Alternatively handling the file download asynchronously would enable the system to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and prevent the system from stalling. </span>

### File handling

<span dir="">When a file is uploaded, it is first saved in the system, before it’s sent to the file server. For a future implementation, sending it directly to the file server would remove this overhead and improve system performance.</span> <span dir="">The system should be able to handle multiple formats of images and audio</span>.

<span dir="">If the system needs to be scaled to hold a great number of songs, it could benefit from indexing the filesystem, for faster retrieval of audio. It could be indexed in several folders and these folders could be split up on multiple servers</span>.

### Refactoring

<span dir="">While creating the system, some of the functionality has been created using knowledge which has evolved over the span of the project. Therefore some of the early decisions does not always follow the best practice. For future work, refactoring different elements of the system would increase the maintainability of the system. An example is the classes ytdlcontroller and custom_audio_controller, they have several methods dealing with storing audio and artwork e.g. store_mp3 and storeArtwork in custom_audio_controller and store mp_3 in ytdlcontroller.</span> This creates some <span dir="">redundant code</span> which could be removed by<span dir=""> generalizing the methods in a parent general audio-class</span>.

<span dir="">The naming of methods and variables are inconsequential and should be done in a homogeneous way, some use camelCase and others underscore. e.g. in the persistenceController there is one method called delete_audio and another getAudio. These should follow the python convention of snake_case. Some naming could be changed to increase the understanding of the code e.g. ytdlcontroller could be renamed youtube_audio_controller to match the naming of custom_audio_controller.</span>

<span dir="">The general file structure of the project should follow the construction of the overall system organized in separate packages</span>, for easier understanding.

<span dir="">Adding youtube_audio endpoint is implemented using a HTTP get request, this should be changed to a POST request. As you’re adding things to the system, not retrieving.</span>

<span dir="">Variables for connection to the FTP server are defined in variables in the persistence controller, these could be moved to a configuration file instead. That would increase the security, as you can maintain the persistence controller without exposing the access variables to the file storage. It would be easier to change to another file storage changing a configuration file instead of the source code.</span>

### Error handling

<span dir="">As seen in the [sequence diagrams](https://gitlab.sdu.dk/semester-project-e2021/team-09/media-acquisition/-/wikis/4.-Design#sequence-diagrams) in the design section, messages are returned back through the system. They are not all handled correctly or are handled in a non consistent way. An example is when a user adds custom audio to the system, no message is given whether it was added successfully or not, this needs to be changed.</span>

<span dir="">The format in which a message is returned through the system is inconsequential, either a boolean, a string, traceback or http status code is returned. This could lead to system crash or unintended behavior and should be changed to make the system more robust.</span>

### Input verification

<span dir="">There is no verification in the backend of filetypes the user uploads when adding custom audio. Any filetype added as audio or artwork is added to the system without checking if they contain audio or images</span> and are not corrupt.

<span dir="">It is stated in the requirement </span>[<span dir="">F1.1.2.1.</span>](https://gitlab.sdu.dk/semester-project-e2021/team-09/media-acquisition/-/wikis/2.-Requirements#functional-requirements)<span dir=""> that the upload size should be limited to 128GB pr. upload. This is not implemented, and the filesize should be reconsidered as it is a very large mp3-file containing several days of music</span>.

<span dir="">There’s no constraints of input needed in the form fields, so e.g. it is possible to add a song without naming it, the system will give it an ID. This is very inconvenient, as the song would become unsearchable in the System</span>

### Functionality for the user

<span dir="">The requirement </span>[<span dir="">NF3.1</span>](https://gitlab.sdu.dk/semester-project-e2021/team-09/media-acquisition/-/wikis/2.-Requirements#functional-requirements)<span dir="">: "The system's GUI should be user friendly and intuitive", has not been tested. If it were to be tested a survey had to be conducted on the system's users or it could be measured how much time and number of clicks certain tasks would require. This is considered out of our scope, as the general system has a team that handles UX.</span>

<span dir="">It would make it easier to add youtube videos using the URL copied from the browser, instead of needing to copy only the youtube ID. A function in the backend to extract the ID from the URL could be implemented.</span>

<span dir="">Another feature that would be nice to have is the ability to search for youtube videos directly in the frontend, so it would be able to click on the desired video, as stated in </span>[<span dir="">F1.2.3.</span>](https://gitlab.sdu.dk/semester-project-e2021/team-09/media-acquisition/-/wikis/2.-Requirements#functional-requirements)

<span dir="">The system does not meet the requirement to upload multiple files at once. Implementing this would make it easier for the user to batch upload both custom albums and YouTube playlist</span>.